It's a tough head I 've been sick for a while
Could not shoot video
Yes
I'm getting better and I think I want to fly more and more
So I would like to show everyone today
Hmm
It is Yamazaki
Masked Rider Wizard
In this play
Though I think that several times a donut and I had come out
this
What a donut from Yamazaki- ban
Hmm
Released
I would like to eat this for a moment
To go
It's like this spilling way It's a road like this
Hmm
Ann Peng
I feel like this
I would like to immediately eat the Jumpin 'Tsu
Hmm
It is delicious dough is not great fluffy
Is delicious
Mr. Hart, who is the main character in the play, is
I think I'd better but from pretty
I think I never eat this donut
Had
me
Hmm
Hm
I think it's home
It is delicious for tie-up products
Hmm
Are you doing eating
It was serious
Tan ate all
Hmm
But I thought in
Yun
Yup
Hmm